com/pqaar/app/databinding/PropMandiRoutesHeaderItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.PropMandiRoutesHeaderItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivityPahunchAdminDashboardBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivityPahunchAdminDashboardBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentTruckRequestsBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentTruckRequestsBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/CustomSpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.CustomSpinnerItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivityUnionAdminDashboardBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivityUnionAdminDashboardBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/CloseBidAlertDialogBoxBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.CloseBidAlertDialogBoxBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/LiveRouteListSubItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.LiveRouteListSubItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/HistoryTruckItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.HistoryTruckItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/MandiAdminRoutesHistoryItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.MandiAdminRoutesHistoryItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentAddTruckBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentAddTruckBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentLiveAuctionListBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentLiveAuctionListBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/LiveRouteListHeaderItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.LiveRouteListHeaderItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivityManageTrucksTestBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivityManageTrucksTestBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ContentPahunchAdminDashboardBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ContentPahunchAdminDashboardBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/pqaar/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.pqaar.app.BuildConfig
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentRemoveTruckBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentRemoveTruckBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/LiveAuctionItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.LiveAuctionItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/PahunchHistoryItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.PahunchHistoryItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/TruckDeliveryAlertDialogBoxBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.TruckDeliveryAlertDialogBoxBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentLiveRoutesListBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentLiveRoutesListBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/PropMandiRoutesSubItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.PropMandiRoutesSubItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/DashboardBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.DashboardBottomSheetBinding
com/pqaar/app/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.pqaar.app.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/pqaar/app/databinding/MandiAdminRoutesHistorySubItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.MandiAdminRoutesHistorySubItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivityMandiAdminDashboardBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivityMandiAdminDashboardBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/TruckItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.TruckItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivityLoginActivityBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivityLoginActivityBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentLoginUserBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentLoginUserBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/ActivityTruckOwnerDashboardBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.ActivityTruckOwnerDashboardBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentRegisterUserBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentRegisterUserBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentAddTrucksBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentAddTrucksBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentAddMandiRoutesBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentAddMandiRoutesBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentAddRoutesAlertDialogBoxBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentAddRoutesAlertDialogBoxBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/RouteItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.RouteItemBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/FragmentOtpVerificationBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.FragmentOtpVerificationBinding
com/pqaar/app/databinding/IncomingTruckRequestItemBinding.java
 com.pqaar.app.databinding.IncomingTruckRequestItemBinding
